README.md, before:

# Chesapeake Community Connect

## About CCC

The Chesapeake Community Connection website serves as a hub for improving connections and knowledge exchange within the Chesapeake Community. Its core function is to encourage users to share their environmental stories in audiovisual formats; specifically, the website shall focus on community solutions and the current innovation involved in finding solutions to environmental conflicts. The platform features an accessible user interface accompanied with a designated page explaining the user interface and its capabilities, content submission capabilities, admin oversight for safety, a filtering system for efficient content discovery, and an interactive map system highlighting community-related locations. It ensures seamless access on both mobile and desktop devices through the Google Chrome browser, facilitating widespread community engagement and knowledge sharing.

## Important Links

STP Testing Track - https://github.com/swbn1/ChesapeakeCommunityConnect-FA24/blob/main/Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/SP25%20Documentation/STP_Testing_Tracking.md 

CCC Traceability Matrix - https://github.com/swbn1/ChesapeakeCommunityConnect-FA24/blob/main/Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/SP25%20Documentation/CCC_Traceability_Matrix.md

CCC SRS - https://github.com/swbn1/ChesapeakeCommunityConnect FA24/blob/main/Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/SP25%20Documentation/CCC_SRS.md 

CCC Test Tracker - https://github.com/swbn1/ChesapeakeCommunityConnect-FA24/blob/main/Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/SP25%20Documentation/CCC_Test_Tracker.md 

Google Cloud Setup - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ai8hDPBNv4qPTotV2EuUxNBRlakgkY3VzrYwzGTatvA/edit?tab=t.0 

A guide for setting up CCC and running it via the VM can be found [here](Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/Training/Google%20Cloud/CCC_VMGuide.md).



## Feedback

For feedback related to this project, please open a new issue on
[GitHub](https://github.com/SamAlby/chesapeakecommunityconnect/issues).

Commit message:

Revise link formatting in README.md
Updated links in the README to use 'Click here' format for better readability.

README.md, after:

# Chesapeake Community Connect

## About CCC

The Chesapeake Community Connect website serves as a hub for improving connections and knowledge exchange within the Chesapeake Community. Its core function is to encourage users to share their environmental stories in audiovisual formats; specifically, the website shall focus on community solutions and the current innovation involved in finding solutions to environmental conflicts. The platform features an accessible user interface accompanied with a designated page explaining the user interface and its capabilities, content submission capabilities, admin oversight for safety, a filtering system for efficient content discovery, and an interactive map system highlighting community-related locations. It ensures seamless access on both mobile and desktop devices through the Google Chrome browser, facilitating widespread community engagement and knowledge sharing.

## Important Links

STP Testing Track - Click [here](https://github.com/swbn1/ChesapeakeCommunityConnect-FA24/blob/main/Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/SP25%20Documentation/STP_Testing_Tracking.md) 

CCC Traceability Matrix - [Click here](https://github.com/swbn1/ChesapeakeCommunityConnect-FA24/blob/main/Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/SP25%20Documentation/CCC_Traceability_Matrix.md)

CCC SRS - Click [here](https://github.com/swbn1/ChesapeakeCommunityConnect-FA24/blob/main/Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/SP25%20Documentation/CCC_SRS.md)

CCC Test Tracker - Click [here](https://github.com/swbn1/ChesapeakeCommunityConnect-FA24/blob/main/Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/SP25%20Documentation/CCC_Test_Tracker.md) 

Google Cloud Setup - Click [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ai8hDPBNv4qPTotV2EuUxNBRlakgkY3VzrYwzGTatvA/edit?tab=t.0) 

A guide for setting up CCC and running it via the VM can be found [here](Documentation/Sorted%20Documents%20(SP25)/Training/Google%20Cloud/CCC_VMGuide.md).



## Feedback

For feedback related to this project, please open a new issue on
[GitHub](https://github.com/SamAlby/chesapeakecommunityconnect/issues).
