ALL (If you complete all individual taking assigned):

- [ ] Research an applicable User Manual template that we can utilize for this project.   
- [ ] Prepare your biweekly report due to me at the beginning of class Monday (10/2).  
- [x] ~~Communicate with R\&D to see if there is anything we can do to help them succeed.~~  
- [x] ~~Format the SRS document to look like the SDP (font, introductory page, table of contents with proper headers,...)~~

Isabella:

- [x] ~~Review John’s requirements within the SRS. (Use the suggestion tool to modify and/or add new requirements from this section.)~~  
- [x] ~~Review Malik’s requirements within the SRS. (Use the suggestion tool to modify and/or add new requirements from this section.)~~  
- [x] ~~Consider any new requirements/questions and make sure to record them~~

John:

- [x] ~~Review Isabella’s requirements within the SRS. (Use suggestion tool to modify and/or add new requirements from this section.)~~  
- [x] ~~Review Malik’s requirements within the SRS. (Use suggestion tool to modify and/or add new requirements from this section.)~~  
- [ ] Consider any new requirements/questions and make sure to record them

Malik:

- [x] ~~Review Isabella’s requirements within the SRS. (Use suggestion tool to modify and/or add new requirements from this section.)~~  
- [x] ~~Review John’s requirements within the SRS. (Use suggestion tool to modify and/or add new requirements from this section.)~~  
- [ ] Consider any new requirements/questions and make sure to record them

Brittany

- [x] ~~Continue to complete your section of the SRS. Use the “9/18 Meeting Revision” document, find your section (“Kylie’s” section \<3), and make “the website **shall** complete this feature” statements for each requirement and feel free to add any questions, comments, or concerns for each statement by utilizing the comment tool in google docs. Look at Isabella, John, and Malik’s as a reference.~~ 

Naheed:

- [x] ~~Continue to complete your section of the SRS. Use the “9/18 Meeting Revision” document, find your section, and make “the website **shall** complete this feature” statements for each requirement and feel free to add any questions, comments, or concerns for each statement by utilizing the comment tool in google docs. Look at Isabella, John, and Malik’s as a reference.~~ 

Yaro:

- [x] ~~Continue to complete your section of the SRS. Use the “9/18 Meeting Revision” document, find your section, and make “the website **shall** complete this feature” statements for each requirement and feel free to add any questions, comments, or concerns for each statement by utilizing the comment tool in google docs. Look at Isabella, John, and Malik’s as a reference.~~ 