  
From parisa:

I know y'all may be tight on time at the end of the semester, but it would be really great if you could do a little video that introduces all of the work you have put into this project. It could be something like just explaining the story of the project. What was the original prompt you had, how did you decide what needed to be done, how did you split up and organize the work, what were the hard questions you had to answer? I think something like that would really help people understand and value this project, be inspired, and get to know more about what you do as computer science students\! Please let me know what you think, and if it would be possible to have the QR actually lead to the video (with a link in the video to the actual web platform). I am thinking of a cell phone video that can be uploaded to youtube or shared via instagram, but I'm not sure how people feel about that. Our department uses Instagram, and would be able to promote your work through that avenue.

Script:

Everyone here on the capstone team has been working hard to make further progress on a website with the purpose and mission to be able to create a hub that fosters a community that is determined to help their local environment. The website shall accomplish this through cultivating an online community that shares stories promoting different environmental campaigns as well as advertising future environmental projects. The project was then worked on in two teams; R\&D and QA where QA finalized and outlined the website's functionalities and R\&D who actually created the website. The most prominent feature of the website is a map on which a user is able to see the locations of environmental projects through pins on the map which once clicked expands more on the project going on in that location. And through an admin's approval a approved contributor is able to post these pins to the maps for any user to see and get motivated to involve themselves.      